fix(source-linkedin-ads): revert migration to low code (#43359)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/linkedin-ads-migrations.md

# LinkedIn Ads Migration Guide

## Upgrading to 4.0.0

> Version 3.X.X introduced a regression in the connector that was reverted in 4.0.0. If you were using 3.X.X, please go through the migration steps. If you were still using 2.X.X, please upgrade to 4.0.0; after that, there is no additional action required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 3.X.X introduced a regression in the connector that was reverted in 4.0.0. If you were using 3.X.X, please go through the migration steps. If you were still using 2.X.X, please upgrade to 4.0.0; after that, there are no additional actions required.
```
